# Measuring-User's-Influence-in-Twitter

In this work, we highlight the importance of planning a new digital campaign in a particular region through obtaining the twitter screen names from a particular website, we understood who the social media influencers are in particular region and in which area fall into (e.g., politics, fashion, art, etc.).


Abstract— Directed links in social media may represent something from intimate friendships to common interests, or even a passion for breaking news or celebrity gossip. Such directed links confirm the flow of data and therefore indicate a user's influence on others — an inspiration that is crucial in social science and infective agent selling. Throughout this paper, using a good deal of data collected from Twitter, we tend to gift an in-depth comparison of 3 measures of influence: indegree, retweets, and mentions. Supported these measures, we tend to investigate the dynamics of user influence across topics and time. We tend to create many fascinating observations. First, in style users World Health Organization have high indegree are not essentially prestigious in terms of spawning retweets or mentions. Second, most prestigious users will hold vital influence over a spread of topics. We tend to believe that these findings give new insights for infective agent selling and counsel that topological measures like indegree alone reveals very little or no concerning the influence of a user. These measures are terribly numerous. Some are supported easy metrics provided by the Twitter API, whereas others are supported complicated mathematical models.
